hi friends from youtube i am mother yannick
and in this video I will teach you how to
they can change the spray or logo of the
famous game counter strike 1.6 lo
first thing to do is go to the
mediafire server download link
I'll leave it to you in the description what
we download and I doubt that the state of
more than 10 minutes since it does not weigh much
on your desktop this file will appear
rat
what we do is extract it in
desktop and then we will appear this
folder called hl tag convert we open
this folder and inside is for the
application hl tag convert we open this
application and what we will do to
then explain the open button
image here is where you
will select your image
I will select once and slowly and
give the open button then they will give the
adjustment button and next will open a
window in this window we have to
give the button that is below for
that your image correctly adapts to
then you will be given
to save your image we select the
option exported westphalia hotel in this
window they copy a key that I will leave you
in description of the video we give ok
this thing we do twice
but in this second we will do it with a
second key that will also be in
description once we have these two
files on desktop what we will do
will be that in the first file we will give
Right click properties and we give to
we will only read exactly
with the second file right click
properties only read once done
this we select the two files and you
we give to copy done this we go to the
folder where we have saved the
counter strike in my case as I am sting
perform these steps let's team
destination local disk we love the
name of your destination account
counter-strike counter-strike low script
Spanish and they hit him they hit him and if
is that they have to replace it
If not, that was all thanks
goodbye matria nick I leave you